# BlackJack-Game
I worked alongside Chris McHenry to create this BlackJack Game using python. It was a lot to take in especially when it came to understanding how PIP an Pil worked. When we first met up to begin working on the project, we established a timeline and discussed what parts of the code we would each be responsible for. I worked on the actual black jack game and rules and some of the tkinter aspects while Chris' main focus was building the GUI and basically figuring out how to make an animated game appear with music running in the background. To me, This seemed like a lot and I had no idea where to start as I am not very familiar with the rules of BlackJack. I began watching youtube videos and trying to understand how I could write a code that depicts an image that in turn also correlates with the rules of the game. After doing hours of research as well as endless trial and error I was able to incorporate and better understand tkinter and PIP. In the files it shows how I was able to create a GUI that displayed the player's hand and dealer's hand as well as widgets that I had learned about that gave you an option to hit or stand. The only issue was the fact that I could not get the code to run for more than a handful of rounds. Our next goal was to simply study all the information we had both gathered and learned to create a GUI that runs while the user is asked to play the game on the screen by selecting the widgets (buttons) created using the code. My next task was to link the cards to the actual file by putting them into a zip file which was something completely new to me. I watched multiple tutorials but I was finally able to understand how I had to download images to create a file that contained a deck of 52 cards and rename them so that they could be called to the GUI. However, we ran into some issues when it came to calling the card on screen with sometimes the code not working or an error appearing when it came to the use of PIL. This was the only real obstacle we ran into and we worked on it for several days, even asking others for help/input but we had no luck. As a result we ended up submitting the working file that ran the game on screen as well as in the terminal to inform the player of their loss or winning. I had to create a blackjack game table which was pretty simple as I had already figured out how to use tkinter and had learned a more updated version and the only really difficult part was getting the cards to link. ] Overall it was much easier working in a group as we were both working on the same thing together which made things go quite faster. As we made headway, we would send an updated code to eachother and update eachother via call/text/facetime about how much progress we were making. Overall I actualy had fun creating the GUI as it was something completely new to me but once I got the hang of how to create the imag, it was almost like a puzzle to me. Those were the hardest obstacles for me but they were also the most fascinating.
